Clarify cbfunc precedence during event reg/dereg (#177)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_API_Event.tex

\item \refconst{PMIX_ERR_NOT_SUPPORTED} The \ac{PMIx} implementation does not support event notification, or the host \ac{SMS} does not support notification of the specified event code.
\end{constantdesc}

> The callback function must not be executed prior to returning from the \ac{API}, and no events corresponding to this registration may be delivered prior to the registration callback function (\refarg{cbfunc}) being executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The callback function must not be executed prior to returning from the \ac{API}, and no events corresponding to this registration may be delivered prior to the completion of the registration callback function (\refarg{cbfunc}).
```
